Okay, so next, it's about creating new accounts. And so, as we talked about, the next thing that you're going to do is create accounts. And so, as we talked about in the calculator, your goal is to create at least 3 accounts on Instagram, TikTok, and YouTube.
And so what I want to do right now is show you a couple example accounts. What we're looking at here is a clipping account for Luke Belmar. So, Luke Belmar has a tremendously large audience.
And what, again, what many people don't know is that Luke Belmar has been using clippers to gain… to drive his authority and to increase his reach for a while, and no one really understood this, and so this is what clipping's all about. So what I want to do right now is just kind of show you a couple things here.
And so, if we look at this, this is… and, by the way, how I got here is just, if you just go here, go into Instagram, search Luke Belmar, you're gonna start seeing these different clipping accounts. Do that yourself, pause right now, and then come back, but do that, and you're gonna see some of these accounts, and this is just a few of them here that I'll show you.
But, this has 170,000 followers.
And, you know, one of the things we talked about is average views, right? The calculator said if we can get to 2,000 views, that's a way to make literally a million dollars a year. Look at the average views on this account. We can go back.
12,000, 18,000, 23,000 views, 13,000 views. On average, this account is getting over 20,000 views per post.
And this is great stuff, and so this is exactly, exactly the type of thing that you should be doing. I want you to look at, you know, look at the profile image, look at the, how the bio is done.
Look at the naming structure of these accounts. And so, you may see, you know, this says Luke Belmar Wisdom. If we look at the other ones here, we have Luke Belmar Advice. We've got Luke Belmar Legacy.
This is the type of thing that you want to be doing when you're creating your accounts, okay? It shouldn't just be Luke Belmar, right? That's one of the things that can sometimes get you in a little bit of hot water with the social media, you know, with TikTok and Instagram, so don't make the name of the account just the name of the creator. What you want to use is put some kind of name after it, so it's pretty apparent that this account is about sharing
That creator's content.
That's gonna keep you out of hot water later, and so that you don't get shadow banned or get into some account bans with Instagram or TikTok.
So, let's, for instance, let's take a look at this, and I want to watch one of these, because I think they do a great job, Hoover's running this account, but this is a great resource, and should serve as really, really good inspiration on exactly what you should be striving to make when you start clipping your own content. Have you read the Bible by chance? I recommend you read it. Okay, then, so maybe that's God telling you to read it. There's a story in the Bible where Solomon
Dreaming. And God comes to him in dream state, and he says, Notice the overlays. Notice. Notice the B-roll. Tell me whatever it is that you want, and I'll give it to you.
And Solomon didn't ask for retrieve.
Didn't ask for kingdoms. He asked for one thing. He said, Give me wisdom.
The cuts. After that, the riches came, the kingdoms came, And every other thing.
that comes with it. So, as I read that.
I sat there, I was like, God, give me wisdom. I don't know what it looks like, I don't know what this means.
But give me wisdom. And… I think it's working. Seems like it is. Have you read the Bible by chance?
That's what it's all about. That should be your goal, so when you're taking this content.
that may start as, as I said here, here's what this content looks like unedited. How do we find those 30 seconds, that one minute, in this conversation, to where we can stop that.
And when you get done clipping it, it looks like this. So this is… it looks wonderful, but this is viral, engaging content. Look at the comments here.
Okay? This is what it's all about, and what this is, this is money.
That's your goal, that's your mission, every day, twice a day. That's it. Okay? And be consistent.
I told you I was gonna say consistent more than once. So, that's what it's all about. Let's take a look at one other one here. We've got Luke Belmar Advice. This is 110,000 followers.
If we click here on Reels, we'll see we've got 30,000 views, we've got 26,000, 28,000. Again, you know, we've got 70,000 views here, and let's take a look here, we'll just click one of these. When you're weak, appear to be strong.
And when you are strong, appear to be weak. And that is the ultimate way to manage
And to determine who your enemies are. Okay. So, again, we've got background music, we've got captions, and we've got some visual effects there on the image, but it's all about taking that small clip and making it viral-worthy, right? And so, go through this account again, this is a great example. Find out how we do that, because one of the things that you can't do, and I'll take a little bit of a minute to talk about this.
What you don't want to do is take this clip right here, find 30 seconds.
Just add a closed caption to it.
and post it. But that's not going to do good for you, and it's not going to do good to increase the reach. You need to spend a little time, right? How can you turn that simple podcast into something truly viral-worthy, right? And that, again, is if there's one I want you to take a look at, let's go back here.
to Luke Belmar Wisdom, and check these guys out. Watch these videos here. These are great. These are great, right? Look at the cuts, look at the transactions. This is what it's all about, so spend some time there.
And I think after you do that, you're gonna get a very strong idea of the type of thing that you should be doing. And understand, it's not gonna happen maybe tomorrow.
But, just like anything that's worth doing.
I showed you an opportunity where you could be making a million dollars a year doing this. Take the time, and it's gonna come to you, I promise.
Okay, so those are the type of accounts. So, going back to what our goals are, you should be creating your new accounts, okay? We went through a couple example accounts, and so you're going to create one account on Instagram. Again, we want to model it to look very similar to this.
The naming structure, look at the image, look at the bio, and most important, don't forget about your affiliate link. Your affiliate link goes here.
Okay? So everybody that goes and clicks and watches this and says, I want more of that, they're gonna click your link, and that's how you're gonna get credit for your sale, okay? So, you're gonna create your Instagram account, you're gonna create your TikTok account, you're gonna create your YouTube account, and they should all look fairly similar to this, okay?
Consistency pays off. As I talked about, and this is just a little bit of review now, be consistent. Your earlier days, it's gonna take a minute to build up that audience, but soon enough, you're gonna get to where you're averaging.
15,000 views… 15,000 views per post, 30,000 views per post, 80,000 views per post, it's 100% possible, but it's not gonna happen tomorrow.
You have to be consistent, and then your account will grow. So, that's your most important thing, is when you're starting this, you have to be committed, take the daily actions, and it's gonna get there.